So that's it for the spread operator, another nice feature which I can show you here in our little
app is object destructuring.
You might remember array destructuring which helped us pull out elements of an array and store it in
variables,
well you can do the same for objects and we have a great example here actually where we render all movies.
I go through all my movies here with ForEach, right and I go through my filtered movies there of course and
in there, I then have this for/in loop where I go through movie.info and I also extract the title
from movie.info and the key from movie.info,
so I always repeat movie.info.
So in the end here, you could say I'm really just interested in the info property of movie,
I'm not interested in the other properties of movie or the other property of movie which would be the
ID.
So here, we can use object destructuring to pull out that key-value pair and store it in a new variable,
for example here we could add a constant and now just as with array destructuring, a syntax you haven't
seen before
where you in this case have curly braces on the left side of the equal sign, something we didn't
do before and now on the right side, point at the object where you want to pull something out of it,
so in this case movie. Now between the curly braces on the left, you now enter a key name which exists
in that object on the right,
so for example info and of course you have to enter a key name here which exists there. In array destructuring,
you could use any names between the square brackets you had there because in arrays, you access values
by index and not by name and therefore you could assign any name because the order was important there
for pulling elements out of the array. For pulling properties out of objects,
the order does absolutely not matter,
instead the key matters. So you can only use info here if you have an info property name, an info key
in your movie.
So now with that here, we therefore
pull out everything which is in info which happens to be another object but it would also work if that
would be a string or anything like that
and now we have a constant named info available which we can use here instead of movie.info. So I can use
info here, info here and info down there because this is now a constant which will hold the value that
was stored in movie.info which is my object.
Hence if we save that and we reload and again add Javascript - The Complete Guide here,
level 5, that works just as before but I'm not done with object destructuring.
Just as with array destructuring, you can also use a rest parameter, three dots, and then in this case any
name of your choice, other props or however you want to name it
and this will now collect all properties which you didn't pull out by name and give you a new object
with all these collected remaining properties.
So here if I console log other props, you'll see this will be an object which in our case should only include
the ID because that is the only other property we have in there. So if I now save that and reload and
again try to add a new movie, to save some time I'll just name it
Javascript, you will see if this works and here in the console indeed we have an object with only the
ID key which is this object with the combined remaining properties. Now of course
we can also use the object destructuring here to for example pull out the title.
Now there is nothing wrong with accessing it like this and since this is the only place where I access
the title here, it would be perfectly fine to keep the dot notation but to practice this object
destructuring a bit more, here we could also use it on the info constant here which holds an object right
because info is just an object here,
if it wouldn't be an object we couldn't use that but info is an object,
so of course we can destructure that as well with the syntax and in info, we have the title and then
whatever the user entered here. So here, I can also pull out the title from info and store this in a constant.
Now we can still then use a for/in loop on info because this doesn't destroy the info constant or anything
like that,
it's still available so if we then want to use info in other parts of our code, we can do so but I
can also pull something out of it here and then use just title here if I wish to. Now you can
actually also assign a new name here,
you have to pull it out by name because that's how objects work,
you don't pull out by order but if you want to use a different name because maybe otherwise you would
have a clash with another variable name you're using or anything like that, then you can assign a new
name to that
pulled out value by adding a colon here.
So inside of the curly braces on the left side of the equal sign, inside of this destructuring syntax,
you can add a colon and now not to create a new object where you have a key name and a value but
instead to assign a new name to that extracted property, for example here, movie title and now we could
use movie title here because that will now hold the title value, so the value of that title property in
that info object and hence if I reload this one more time and we try adding this, we should see that
that still works just fine,
as you can tell everything is output correctly here and we're taking object destructuring to the max.
So a really useful feature to shorten code, write short and concise code and also be able to get exactly
what you want out of an object, especially useful if you use the same property over and over again in
multiple places.